Look at the stars in the sky
So beautiful, hahaha.
Butler Chen, do you still recognize me?
You are Wu Dalang
They are Pan Jinlian and Ximen Qing
Haha wife
Butler Chen is crazy
Don't listen to him
I know you go out first
I want to be alone with Butler Chen for a while
Hahahahahaha
Chen Guanqiang, I am a dream
Dream? I don't know
At the age of 12
Our family has already left
My parents left me
You watched me grow up little by little
I was admitted to Dazed University
It was you who sent me to school not far away
Even my wedding to Li Yangchen
It's all what do you do when you're busy?
How old are you still crying?
Hahahaha
Butler Chen
Although you are not related to me by blood
But in my heart
I have long regarded you as a father
Hahahaha
Don't worry, I'm just selling off the marriage minister.
I will definitely cure your disease
Wait until your illness is cured haha
Daughter will give you filial piety
Stop crying
Crying is a good child